defaults/README.md, before:

# Pizza App

## Project structure

```
    node_modules/                                   Provides npm packages to the entire project
    public/                                         The folder containing the result of the 'make' command (aka the folder you can upload on a server)
    src/                                            The folder you'll write code into
        global/                                     Use this folder to add global styles or scripts
            scss/                                   Global styles
            ts/                                     Global scripts
            wwwroot/                                Other global files (These files (or folders) will be copied to the root of the 'public/' folder)
        routes/                                     In this folder you'll find all the routes you created
            <route-name>/
                <route-name>.route.hbs              The route's HTML template
                <route-name>.route.scss             The route styles
                <route-name>.route.ts               The route's code
                build-data.js                       Custom data passed to the template compiler
        components/                                 In this folder you'll find all the components you created
            <component-name>/
                <component-name>.component.hbs      The component's HTML template
                <component-name>.component.scss     The component's styles
                <component-name>.component.ts       The component's code
    .eslintrc.json                                  ESLint configuration
    package.json                                    Configures npm package dependencies that are required for this project
    package-lock.json                               Provides version information for all packages installed into node_modules by the npm client
    pizza.json                                      Configures this project
    README.md                                       The file you're reading
    tsconfig.json                                   TypeScript configuration
    webpack.config.ts                               webpack configuration
```

## Configure

You can configure the project modifying these files:
 - `pizza.json` The main configuration file
 - `.eslintrc.json` ESLint configuration
 - `tsconfig.json` TypeScript configuration
 - `webpack.config.ts` webpack configuration

In the `pizza.json` file you can configure things like the bundler, the linter, the server and in a future release the hosting provider.

**Note:**  
Currently the `pizza.json` file options, except for the local server one, have only one option to choose from.

## Build data

You can pass an object to the template compiler to add dynamic data in a page

### Usage

1. Create a file called `build-data.js` inside a route folder (e.g.: `src/routes/index/build-data.js`)
2. Export an object with your data: `module.exports = { ... };`
3. Access your data within a template using: `{{ data.<property-name> }}`

### Example:

```javascript
// build-data.js

const path = require("path");

module.exports = {
    fileName: path.basename(__filename),
};
```

```html
<!-- fileName.component.hbs -->

<p>File name: {{ data.fileName }}</p>
```

Commit message:

Add 'dist/' folder in README

defaults/README.md, after:

# Pizza App

## Project structure

```
    dist/                                           The folder containing the result of the 'make --prod' command (aka the folder you can upload on a server)
    node_modules/                                   Provides npm packages to the entire project
    public/                                         The folder containing the result of the 'make' command (development build)
    src/                                            The folder you'll write code into
        global/                                     Use this folder to add global styles or scripts
            scss/                                   Global styles
            ts/                                     Global scripts
            wwwroot/                                Other global files (These files (or folders) will be copied to the root of the 'public/' folder)
        routes/                                     In this folder you'll find all the routes you created
            <route-name>/
                <route-name>.route.hbs              The route's HTML template
                <route-name>.route.scss             The route styles
                <route-name>.route.ts               The route's code
                build-data.js                       Custom data passed to the template compiler
        components/                                 In this folder you'll find all the components you created
            <component-name>/
                <component-name>.component.hbs      The component's HTML template
                <component-name>.component.scss     The component's styles
                <component-name>.component.ts       The component's code
    .eslintrc.json                                  ESLint configuration
    package.json                                    Configures npm package dependencies that are required for this project
    package-lock.json                               Provides version information for all packages installed into node_modules by the npm client
    pizza.json                                      Configures this project
    README.md                                       The file you're reading
    tsconfig.json                                   TypeScript configuration
    webpack.config.ts                               webpack configuration
```

## Configure

You can configure the project modifying these files:
 - `pizza.json` The main configuration file
 - `.eslintrc.json` ESLint configuration
 - `tsconfig.json` TypeScript configuration
 - `webpack.config.ts` webpack configuration

In the `pizza.json` file you can configure things like the bundler, the linter, the server and in a future release the hosting provider.

**Note:**  
Currently the `pizza.json` file options, except for the local server one, have only one option to choose from.

## Build data

You can pass an object to the template compiler to add dynamic data in a page

### Usage

1. Create a file called `build-data.js` inside a route folder (e.g.: `src/routes/index/build-data.js`)
2. Export an object with your data: `module.exports = { ... };`
3. Access your data within a template using: `{{ data.<property-name> }}`

### Example:

```javascript
// build-data.js

const path = require("path");

module.exports = {
    fileName: path.basename(__filename),
};
```

```html
<!-- fileName.component.hbs -->

<p>File name: {{ data.fileName }}</p>
```
